[PXCT-233] Opta: OPC UA Firmware Content (#2324)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/07.opta/opta-family/opta/tutorials/01.user-manual/content.md

![Bluetooth® Low Energy service and characteristic information from an Opta™ device](assets/user-manual-14.png)

## OPC Unified Architecture (OPC UA)

> This section explains using the [**OPC UA library**](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_OPC_UA) designed for Opta.

Reviewer: @TaddyHC Am I the only one who finds this sentence weird? Looks like it is "correct" but would like to make we do not have problems

```suggestion
This section explains the use of the [**OPC UA library**](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_OPC_UA) designed for Opta.

```
